Writing AQUARIUS Input Files
----------------------------

Input files for AQUARIUS are based on the schema laid out in the file 
aquarius-chem/input_schema. The structure of this file, and of the input files,
is a tree of alphanumeric nodes, where nodes are separated by whitespace.
Hierarchical relationship between nodes is denoted by indentation level, i.e. a
node A followed by node B on the next line, indented by an additional level,
gives A->B. Comment lines are any lines which start with the symbol #. Also, any
whitespace separated nodes given on the same line become direct children of the
first node on the line. For example, the following file:

A B
	C
	D E
	F
G H
	I
		J

results in the flattened leaf nodes:

A.B
A.C
A.B.D.E
A.B.F
G.H
G.I.J

In the input file, values of options are entered as leaf nodes, where the path
from the root node gives the fully qualified name of the option. For example,

cc
	max_iterations 10

means that the value of cc.max_iterations is 10. Available options can be
determined from the schema file. Optional nodes or options end with the ?
symbol, while nodes or options which may appear one or more times are followed
by the + symbol. In some cases, the expected syntax of the input is too
compicated or irregular to encode directly (for example, ZMAT or atom-specific
basis set information) and so the wildcard node "*" (for a single expected
entry) or "*+" (for one or more entries, such as a ZMAT) appears along with a
commented description of the expected input. Option nodes are descended by a
single node which describes the type of data expected (e.g. int, double, enum,
etc.). Additionally, another single child of the type node is present when the
option is optional to denote the default value. The enum type is descended by a
list of its possible values, the first value listed being the default. For
example,

cc?
	max_iterations?
		int 50

denotes that both the cc and max_iterations nodes are optional (although of
course, max_iterations cannot be present without cc), and that the value of
cc.max_iterations is an integer with default value 50.
